{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This dream, this image of what life looks like. Its a creation. Its a clever sales pitch. Its a lie. Its a lie sold by the banks. Enslaving you to the system. Enslaving you to your job. A slave to your mortagage. Its not even your dream. \
what is your dream? \
Would you rather work 5 days a week. Miss your family growing up. Having just enough time to recharge at the end of the week to face the next week? \
Or would you rather all the time in the world? Freedom to connect with others. \
Retire old and broken. Just before you get sick - 10 years is the statistic. \
Or would you rather live life now?\
\
The choice was easy for us.\
Jason\'92s dad died relatively young. His father never got to see retirement. \
This was his dads gift to him. Woke him up to how fragile life is. We dont know when our timer runs out. we just dont know. Its all a roll of the dice. I dont want to die with regrets. Having spent my whole life working for someone else to keep my head above water. \
We choose to live now. To make the best with what we\'92ve got and to get busy living. \
Its scary, yes. But if you manage your wealth. If you budget and live within your means. Freedom is acheiveable.\
\
\
The choice : Our Choice\
We were getting ready to do it. Buy the land, build the house, buy a company, have the family. Work, pay the bills, \'91the norm\'92. \
And we started! We bought the land! \
But what the taught us, \'91 We wanted something else\'92. \
We could see the next 20 years of our lives playing out before us. \
And whilst it was in paradise. \
We asked ourselves, \'91 Are we crazy?\'92\
But, is this what we want for our lives? Stagnantcy. The same. Day in and out. Safe, reliable, consistant life. Predictable. \
And yes, its a life worth living. It was beautiful. But could we live with ourselves not knowing about the greater world we had not seen. Not having seen it for ourselves? \
Would that slowly eat away at us? \
What if there was a different life for us? a Dynamic life? one full of change, full of exploring, full of discovery. \
Doesnt that excite you? It excited us. \
And thats what the land taught us. As soon as we bought it. It taught us what we didnt want. Taught us that we wanted to do it differently. Suckk the marrow from life. And thats what we\'92re doing. \
\
Quote, \'91Carpe Diem. Make your lives extraordinary\'92\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Our Choice
\f2\b0 \
\
What is your dream?\
Would you rather work five days a week, miss your family growing up, and only have enough energy left on the weekend to recharge for the next one?\
Or would you rather have all the time in the world? Real freedom to connect with the people you love.\
Would you rather retire old and broken, just before you get sick \'97 the statistic is about 10 years. Or would you rather live life now?\
This dream \'97 this image of what life is supposed to look like \'97 it\'92s a creation. It\'92s a clever sales pitch. It\'92s a lie sold by the banks. A lie that keeps you enslaved to the system, to your job, to your mortgage. It\'92s not even your dream.\
It\'92s a swindle, and just because everyone is doing it doesn\'92t mean it\'92s right. Stop and think. Dare to question. Does it make sense? \
It\'92s ultimately an exchange. You get what you can\'92t afford now. And you will spend the rest of your life paying it off. So starts the hamster wheel. And whilst you\'92re paying it off you want bigger and better. You will want additions. And yes they will enable you. They want you on the wheel so they\'92ll let you get more and more. And you\'92ll fall ever deeper in the cycle with all the pretty things. But you have no time. And unfortunately time is something you can\'92t buy. I would give all my money to talk to my dad again. Spend a day with him. But life doesn\'92t work like that. Time is the most valuable asset on earth. In the universe. And you can\'92t buy it back. It moves forward relentlessly. \
The choice was easy for us.\
Jason\'92s dad died relatively young. He never got to see retirement. That was his father\'92s gift to him \'97 it woke him up to how fragile life really is. We don\'92t know when our time runs out. It\'92s all a roll of the dice. I don\'92t want to die with regrets, having spent my whole life working for someone else just to keep my head above water.\
We choose to live now. To make the best of what we\'92ve got and to get busy living.\
It\'92s scary, yes. But if you manage your wealth, if you budget and live within your means \'97 freedom is achievable.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We were getting ready to do \'93the normal thing\'94 \'97 buy the land, build the house, buy the company, start the family, work, pay the bills.\
And we started. We bought the land.\
But it taught us something powerful: we wanted something else.\
We could see the next 20 years of our lives playing out in front of us. And while it was in paradise\'85 we asked ourselves: Are we crazy?\
Is this what we really want? Stagnancy. The same thing, day in and day out. Safe. Predictable.\
Yes, it was a beautiful life. But could we live with ourselves never seeing the greater world? Never knowing what else was possible?\
What if there was a different life for us? A dynamic life \'97 full of change, exploration, and discovery.\
Doesn\'92t that excite you? It excited us.\
That land taught us what we didn\'92t want. It taught us that we wanted to suck the marrow out of life.\
And that\'92s exactly what we\'92re doing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Carpe Diem. Make your lives extraordinary.
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
}