{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This dream, this image of what life looks like. Its a creation. Its a clever sales pitch. Its a lie. Its a lie sold by the banks. Enslaving you to the system. Enslaving you to your job. A slave to your mortagage. Its not even your dream. \
what is your dream? \
Would you rather work 5 days a week. Miss your family growing up. Having just enough time to recharge at the end of the week to face the next week? \
Or would you rather all the time in the world? Freedom to connect with others. \
Retire old and broken. Just before you get sick - 10 years is the statistic. \
Or would you rather live life now?\
\
The choice was easy for us.\
Jason\'92s dad died relatively young. His father never got to see retirement. \
This was his dads gift to him. Woke him up to how fragile life is. We dont know when our timer runs out. we just dont know. Its all a roll of the dice. I dont want to die with regrets. Having spent my whole life working for someone else to keep my head above water. \
We choose to live now. To make the best with what we\'92ve got and to get busy living. \
Its scary, yes. But if you manage your wealth. If you budget and live within your means. Freedom is acheiveable.\
\
\
The choice : Our Choice\
We were getting ready to do it. Buy the land, build the house, buy a company, have the family. Work, pay the bills, \'91the norm\'92. \
And we started! We bought the land! \
But what the taught us, \'91 We wanted something else\'92. \
We could see the next 20 years of our lives playing out before us. \
And whilst it was in paradise. \
We asked ourselves, \'91 Are we crazy?\'92\
But, is this what we want for our lives? Stagnantcy. The same. Day in and out. Safe, reliable, consistant life. Predictable. \
And yes, its a life worth living. It was beautiful. But could we live with ourselves not knowing about the greater world we had not seen. Not having seen it for ourselves? \
Would that slowly eat away at us? \
What if there was a different life for us? a Dynamic life? one full of change, full of exploring, full of discovery. \
Doesnt that excite you? It excited us. \
And thats what the land taught us. As soon as we bought it. It taught us what we didnt want. Taught us that we wanted to do it differently. Suckk the marrow from life. And thats what we\'92re doing. \
\
Quote, \'91Carpe Diem. Make your lives extraordinary\'92}